Implement FAQ page and categories (#202)
gruntwork-io/docs: _docs-sources/faq/terragrunt/index.md

# Terragrunt FAQ

## General questions

> - [Passing variables between Terragrunt and Terraform](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/knowledge-base/discussions/137)
> - [Mocking large sets of outputs with Terragrunt](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/knowledge-base/discussions/109)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How do I pass variables between Terragrunt and Terraform?](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/knowledge-base/discussions/137)
- [Can I mock large sets of outputs with Terragrunt?](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/knowledge-base/discussions/109)
```

Reviewer: I happened to make a suggestion here, though this comment applies more broadly. I think it would be nice to phrase _everything_ in the form of a question, for consistency.

Author: Roger - carried this throughout the PR in 4de5e1d5f18a406f1e8c01d4b426765e415df8bd, and re-phrased everything as a question, with the exception of 2 errors which are under an error header on the EKS page, since I believe that will assist them being found via exact-match searching.
